Control Access section improvements (#2816)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.1/operations/control-access/rbac.md

reference_title: "Role-based access control (RBAC)"
type: "reference"

> description: "Sensu's role-based access control (RBAC) helps different teams and projects share a Sensu instance. RBAC allows you to manage user access and resources based on namespaces, groups, roles, and bindings. Read the reference doc to learn about RBAC."

Reviewer: Can we work `authorization` or `authorize` in here?

weight: 80
version: "6.1"
product: "Sensu Go"
menu:
  sensu-go-6.1:
    parent: control-access
---

Sensu's role-based access control (RBAC) helps different teams and projects share a Sensu instance.

> RBAC allows you to authoriize and manage user access and resources based on namespaces, groups, roles, and bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBAC allows you to specify actions users are allowed to take against resources, within  namespaces or across all namespaces, based on roles bound to the user or to one or more groups which they are a member of.
```
